Adding info on BuildBetter to the handbook (#10363)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/product/user-feedback.md

- Add all feedback calls to the [User interviews calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/?cid=Y19tczllaWN1Ym92ZGgxYWhzNmtoY2xpNTQ3b0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t). If the invite was created from your own calendar, you can simply add "User interviews" as an invitee.

**During the call**
- We recommend recording interviews using [BuildBetter](https://app.buildbetter.app/). Please, always ask and make sure the user is comfortable with being recorded before doing so.
   - Once the user confirms they are okay with this, you can easily trigger the recording by clicking on `Join a call` on the BuildBetter homepage and copy-pasting the call URL.
   - If you do not have access to BuildBetter yet, drop a message in the `#pm` Slack channel.
   - If you have any feedback, bug to report or feature request for BuildBetter, we have a [shared Slack channel](https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C080Q451P3M) with them, feel free to directly message their team there.
- Do a quick round of intros if you haven't met previously.
- If this is the first interview with the user, ask them for context about their company, their role, if they're technical.

**After the call**

> 1. If you used BuildBetter, the tool will automatically generate a summary for you under the recording. We recommend checking this, and adding any additional thoughts, or you can generate a doc using the platform, where you can give very specific prompts for the outline of the summay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you used BuildBetter, the tool will automatically generate a summary for you under the recording. We recommend checking this, and adding any additional thoughts, because the AI can sometimes pick up things incorrectly. You can also generate a doc using the platform, where you can give very specific prompts for the outline of the summary.
```
